Docs: Gauge updates (#119355)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/panels-visualizations/visualizations/gauge/index.md

| Identifier | value1 | value2 | value3 |
| ---------- | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| A          | 5      | 3      | 10     |
| B          | 6      | 9      | 15     |
| C          | 1      | 4      | 8      |

![Gauge visualization with multiple rows and columns of numeric values showing the last row](/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/screenshot-gauge-multi-rows-values-v13.0.png)

> By default, the visualization [calculates](#value-options) a single value per column or series and to display only the last row of data. However, it derives the minimum and maximum from the full dataset, even if those values aren't visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the visualization [calculates](#value-options) a single value per column or series and displays only the last row of data. However, it derives the minimum and maximum from the full dataset, even if those values aren't visible.
```
